well howdy there in a village but gone
so tonight we're going to talk about
darkness an edge in art if you don't
know Eminem released a new song and it
is wild I should start off by saying I'm
not a fan of Eminem or his music
normally I view him and his music beats
Kotter
all edge no point not not my thing
at the same time I do understand that
there is a level of genius in his lyrics
it's one of those people you look at it
you're like man we could only get him to
use his powers for good instead of evil
my friends are aware of my taste in
music so I was really surprised to have
literally half a dozen tell me today
that I had to listen to this okay
whatever quite a few videos as well so I
did what I was told to do I listen to it
I didn't watch the video put it on let
it play went on about what I was doing
and I heard the Hunter s Thompson
reference I'm like that's got to be why
my friends want me to listen to this
didn't understand why why do you wanted
me to and two minutes 20 seconds in I
hear the word hecklers and I realize he
has his Curious George patch on upside
down he's talking about one thing it
seems like he's talking about something
else he's drawing people at
and all of the other things that have
double meanings all came into focus if
you're not familiar with that community
or those products heckler is a brand it
is a high-dollar brand it is Ferrari at
the risk of offending fanboys of another
brand they really are perfection
right out of the box so that's what
caught my ear and at that point I was
like oh man so I pulled it back up
rewind it and start watching the video
how could I not love it how could I not
love it
the easter eggs the visual cues the
desire to induce confusion to make a
point make people think you're talking
about one thing and then something else
it's it's great it really is the funny
thing is around 344 to 355 there's a
part where I think everybody is
presuming that it doesn't have a double
meaning when the entire rest of the song
does if you're watching the video that
portion seems like it's the person in
the video saying it I think it is but I
think it's also mmm saying
I think he's saying I don't have the
answers to this and in the end this
isn't gonna matter and he's talking
about the song in the video he's just
showing and demonstrating one of the
most powerful forms of art and this is
art he's holding a mirror up to reality
he's just letting people see it he's
doing it in a decidedly Eminem away with
a lot of edge but that's what he's still
and it's powerful no doubt I think he's
right it's not gonna matter it's not
gonna matter um I don't know that I
agree with what he implied I don't even
know if he implied his beliefs where I
inferred his beliefs to be from this
video but what I do agree with him on we
do need to have a serious conversation
about it again how could I not like this
this whole video is let's talk about it
and I'm not talking about the MGK thing
I'm talking about let's talk about this
issue and the thing is what are people
talking about the video god the issue
I think he knew that was gonna happen I
think he understood that his knack for
edge was just going to allow people to
blow this off as him being helped when
he is trying to provoke conversation a
lot of what he said in there and I don't
know if he researched it or just
happened to be right a lot of it's true
as far as you know couldn't find a
motive well no the most recent research
suggests there isn't one some multiple
stressors acting on somebody who has
managed to blend their grievances and
paint one institution or one group as
the source of all of their problems
that's what the most recent research
suggests and yeah so you don't have a
motive I think the location in the event
that he chose to mimic I think that was
a good choice because it was the one
that was just the most unbelievable and
I mean that literally there were people
who couldn't didn't want to believe that
one person could do that because it was
so shocking
you know people creating theories there
had to be more and if you go to let's
talk about making things quieter it
actually explains all the science behind
the sounds and yeah I mean that's that's
how it works you have multiple sounds
from one one shot
I would suggest that be ending if it's
not going to matter
followed by get-out-the-vote is a little
self-defeating for somebody who likes to
push the envelope it's the only part of
it I didn't like getting out the vote
when you're talking about a problem this
big there's no Savior it's us
sometimes there's justice and sometimes
there's just us there's no massive
government solution to this it's gonna
be us we have to change the culture and
the thing is I say us but it's not gonna
be us it's not going to be people his in
my age it's gonna be believed people
younger than us people that have had to
live through this be impacted by it
they're gonna have to make the choices
the hard ones they're gonna have to
decide whether they want to adjust the
culture adjust Society or adjust the
laws those are their options and those
options will dull the sight on them long
after we have met our old friend
anyway until that day comes we can just
look forward to more the same it's not
gonna make a difference anyway it's just
thought y'all have a good night